Doracleupdate (#58)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: key-concepts/proof-of-contribution.md

  This Ethereum signature \(authorization\) is sent to the worker through an off-chain channel implemented by the middleware.

4. **Task computation**

  Once the authorization is received and verified, the worker computes the requested tasks. Results from this execution are placed in the `/iexec_out` folder. The following values are then computed:

  * _bytes32 digest_: a digest \(sha256\) of the result folder.
  * _bytes32 hash_: the hash of the _digest_, used to produce a consensus
  * _bytes32 seal_: the salted hash of the _digest_, used to prove a worker’s knew the _digest_ value before it is published.`resultHash == keccak256(abi.encodePacked( taskid, resultDigest))` `resultSeal == keccak256(abi.encodePacked(worker, taskid, resultDigest))`

  In computer science, a deterministic algorithm is an algorithm which, given a particular input, will always produce the same output.

>   Both the `digest`, the `hash` and the `seal` are automatically computed based on the output of the application. If the output is not entierly deterministic, then the application can specify a deterministic file that should be used for building consensus. In order to do so, the application just as to prodive the path to the deterministic file using a specific entry `deterministic-output-path` in `${IEXEC_OUT}/computed.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Both the `digest`, the `hash` and the `seal` are automatically computed based on the output of the application. If the output is not entierly deterministic, then the application can specify a deterministic file that should be used for building consensus. In order to do so, the application just has to provide the path to the deterministic file using a specific entry `deterministic-output-path` in `${IEXEC_OUT}/computed.json`.
```

>   Alternativelly, if the application is used in a doracle contex (the results are designed to be processed on-chain by receiver smart-contracts), then the value of this callback must be specified in `${IEXEC_OUT}/computed.json` under the entry `callback-data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Alternativelly, if the application is used in a doracle context (the results are designed to be processed on-chain by receiver smart-contracts), then the value of this callback must be specified in `${IEXEC_OUT}/computed.json` under the entry `callback-data`.
```
